###

Supplemental Electronic Data files for:

# Purifying selection and adaptive evolution proximate to the zoonosis of SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-CoV-2 

Jeffrey P. Townsend<sup>1,2,3,\*</sup>, Stephen Gaughran<sup>3,4</sup>, Hayley B. Hassler<sup>1,5</sup>, J. Nicholas Fisk<sup>2</sup>, Mofeed Nagib<sup>1</sup>, Yinfei Wu<sup>1</sup>, Yaning Wang<sup>1,6</sup>, Zheng Wang<sup>1</sup>, Lauren A. Meyers<sup>7</sup>, Alison P. Galvani<sup>8</sup>, Alex Dornburg<sup>9,\*</sup>

<sup>1</sup> Department of Biostatistics, Yale School of Public Health, New Haven, Connecticut 06510, USA<br>
<sup>2</sup> Program in Computational Biology and Bioinformatics, Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut 06511, USA<br>
<sup>3</sup> Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, Yale University, New Haven, Connecticut 06525, USA<br>
<sup>4</sup> Department of Ecology and Evolutionary Biology, Princeton University, Princeton, New Jersey 08544, USA<br>
<sup>5</sup> Interdisciplinary Graduate Program in Quantitative Biosciences, Georgia Institute of Technology, Atlanta, GA 30332, USA<br>
<sup>6</sup> Institute of Microbiology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, Beijing 100101, China<br>
<sup>7</sup> Department of Integrative Biology, University of Texas at Austin, Austin, TX 78712, USA<br>
<sup>8</sup> Center for Infectious Disease Modeling and Analysis, Department of Epidemiology of Microbial Disease, Yale School of Public Health, New Haven, Connecticut 06525, USA<br>
<sup>9</sup> Department of Bioinformatics and Genomics, University of North Carolina, Charlotte, NC 28223, USA<br>

<sup>\*</sup>  Corresponding authors:<br>
  Jeffrey P. Townsend<br>
  135 College St, New Haven, CT 06510-2483. jeffrey.townsend@yale.edu, (203) 737-7042<br>
  Alex Dornburg<br>
  9331 Robert D. Snyder Rd, Room 357, Charlotte, NC 28223. adornbur@uncc.edu, (704) 687-8437<br>

Electronic Data Files prepared by:<br>
Hayley B. Hassler<br>
hayley.hassler@yale.edu<br>


###

This directory contains MASS-PRF input and output files, PAML input and output files, newick tree files, phylogenetic informativeness input files and scripts, and link to mass-prf-protein-coloring scripts.

~/[MASSPRF_input](https://github.com/hhassle/Townsend_et_al_2023/tree/main/MASSPRF_input)/ contains fast alignment files for all SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-CoV-2 loci used for MASS-PRF analysis.

~/[PAML_input](https://github.com/hhassle/Townsend_et_al_2023/tree/main/PAML_input)/ contains fast alignment files and newick files for all SARS-CoV-1 and SARS-CoV-2 loci used for PAML analysis.

~/[MASSPRF_results](https://github.com/hhassle/Townsend_et_al_2023/tree/main/MASSPRF_results)/ contains output files generated by MASS-PRF analysis.

~/[PAML_results](https://github.com/hhassle/Townsend_et_al_2023/tree/main/PAML_results)/ contains output files generated by PAML analysis.

~/[Phylogenetic_informativeness](https://github.com/hhassle/Townsend_et_al_2023/tree/main/Phylogenetic_informativeness)/ contains input site rates, guide tree, and R scripts for phylogenetic informativeness analyses.

~/[Phylogenies](https://github.com/hhassle/Townsend_et_al_2023/tree/main/Phylogenies)/ contains newick files for molecular RAxML, molecular IQ-TREE 2, time-dated IQ-TREE 2, and time-dated RTDT phylogenies.

Link to [mass-prf-protein-coloring](https://github.com/Townsend-Lab-Yale/massprf-protein-coloring) scripts.

